## Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation - Neetcode 150 Medium
**Understand**
The problem was to evaluate the result value of a list based on the numbers and operators in the list.
Input: A list of string literals representing operators and the numbers to be operated on.
Output: The resulting value of the list after all the operations have been made

Run through:
["2","3","+","4","5","*","+]
first we compute -> 2+3 = 5
then we compute -> 4*5 = 20
then we compute -> 5 + 20 = 25 = Output

**Match**
The problem is a data structure problem involving stacks. The way it works is that each operator operates on the last two numbers or expressions (results of a previous operations), which is why we have to use a stack data structure (we could easily use the pop function for most recent operation).

**Plan**
The plan is to iterate over the list and as we iterate append each value to a stack, but when we get to an operator, we pop the stack for the last two values and perform the respective operation, we then append the result of this operation to the list. We continue until the end of the list andthen we return the first value of the list which would actually be the only list in the string.

**Implement**
- iterate over the list
- check if the current character is an operator (+,-,*,/), using if and else statements else just append the character to a stack.
- If the character is an operator pop the last two elements from the stack, perform the operationon them and then append the value to the stack.
- return the first or last value of the stack.

**Evaluate**
- Time Complexity: O(N)
- Space complexity: O(N) - stack