## Search a 2D matrix - Neetcode 150
**Understand**
The problem is a form/extension of binary search, but instead of searching just an array, we search a 2D array. We are to return whether True or False depending on whether a target number is in the matrix.
***Example Usage***
Input: Matrix -> [[1,3,5,7],[10,11,16,20],[23,30,34,60]] Target -> 3
Output: True

#### Match
This is a **2D array** (matrix) problem. For optimization we would need knowldge of **Binary Search**.

#### Plan
There is a brute force solution, where we iterate over the whole matrix and return true if we find the target. This solution is O(m*n) time complexity, but we are looking for O(log(m*n)) time.
This definetely means we would have to use binary search and since the matrix is sorted (row and column wise), this would work.
For the binary search we would use a single integer to represent the index of each position in the array as such:
for index[r][c] we represent as k such that k//len(matrix[0]) = r and k%len(matrix[0]) = c

#### Implement
- store the number of rows and columns of the matrix each in a variable (m,n).
- for the binary search we start from the first index (0) and the last matrix index (m*n - 1).
- create the mid variable normally (l+r)//2
- we then check the matrix for this index by our conversion and see whether we return true, move the left or move the right, based on the idea of binary search.
- if we dont find we return false.

#### Evaluate
- Time Complexity: O(log(m*n))
- space complexity: O(1)