## Min Stack - Neetcode 150 Medium
**Understand**:
The problem is to just code out the implementation of a stack data structure, but with a catch, we want to get the min value at O(1) time.

Input: Operations and values
stack.push(1), stack.push(2), stack.push(3), stack.pop(), stact.top(), stack.getMin()

Output: 2,1

**Match**
The problem needs understanding from design, Stacks and Arrays.

**Plan**:
For this problem the other operations are easily implementable, but if we want to get the minimum value at constant time, we might have to sacrifice space.
Understanding: For an array with only one value, the minimum value is that value, once we add a new value, the minimum value would be the lesser of the two, once we add another, the minimum would be the lesser between the previous minimum and the current value. So we could just create a supplementary array to store the current minimum which we could just get at O(1) time. The tradeoff would just be space of O(N).

**Implement**
- at init we initialize two arrays, one for the stack and one to store the minimum value at each current index.
- For push, just append to the stack. If the stack was previously empty, this value is currently the minimum and you append to the minimum array. If it is not, you compare to the previous minimum and decide which is the new minimum.
- for pop, just pop from the stack and pop from the minimum stack as well.
- for top, just return the last element of the stack
- for getMin, just return the last value of the getMin array.

**Evaluate**
- Time Complexity: O(1) for each operation
- Space complexity: extra O(N) for the min array