## Insert into a Binary Search Tree
The problem is that we were given a completed and valid binary search tree as well as a value and we were to insert a TreeNode of that value into the binary search tree, making sure that after we inserted the new node the BST is still valid.

**Understand**
We are given the root of a valid BST and an integer val. The job is to insert a new TreeNode of val into BST making sure the BST is still valid then we return the root of the updated tree.
Input: 
- Tree:  
 ```mermaid
graph TD;
    4-->2;
    4-->7;
    2-->1;
    2-->3;
```      
`val = 5`
- Output:
 ```mermaid
graph TD;
    4-->2;
    4-->7;
    2-->1;
    2-->3;
    7-->5;
```   

**Match**
The problem is a classic Binary Search Tree Problem, one of the first BST operations insertion. This means we could use either use the recursive or iterative approach. This solution would use the iterative approach.

**Plan**
- Catch the edge case first (if there are no nodes)
- set the current pointer to the root
- iterate while the pointer is not null
- check if the current is less or greater than the value (question provides that it would never be equal)
- if its less keep going to the right until right is null. Then set current.right to the new node
- else do the same for the opposite case
- return the root.

**Implement**
```python
class Solution(object):
    def insertIntoBST(self, root, val):
        """
        :type root: Optional[TreeNode]
        :type val: int
        :rtype: Optional[TreeNode]
        """
        # iterative approach
        if not root:
            return TreeNode(val)
        current = root
        while current:
            if current.val < val:
                if not current.right:
                    current.right = TreeNode(val)
                    break
                else:
                    current = current.right
            else:
                if not current.left:
                    current.left = TreeNode(val)
                    break
                else:
                    current = current.left
        return root
```

**Review**
- The iterative approach is slower than the recursive according to leetcode
- Although it works very well for the question and gets it done

**Evaluate**
- Time Complexity: O(log(n))
- Space complexity: O(1)